first set of updates for nut facts and acrolinx scores (#4761)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/authenticators-web-authn/main/index.md

   3. Click **Save** to save your changes.

4. Select the **Enrollment** tab.
5. Check that **FIDO2 (WebAuthn)** is set to either **Optional** or **Required** in the **Eligible Authenticators** section of the default policy.
   1. If **FIDO2 (WebAuthn)** is set to **Disabled**, click **Edit** for the default policy
   2. Select **Optional** from the dropdown box for **FIDO2 (WebAuthn)**, and then click **Update Policy**.

### Set your app integration to use the WebAuthn authenticator

> New apps are automatically assigned the shared default [authentication policy](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-about-asop). This policy has a catch-all rule that allows a user access to the app using either one or two factors, depending on your org setup. In production, it becomes evident when you can share your authentication needs between apps. It's recommended that you create a policy specifically for your app for testing purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New apps are automatically assigned the shared default [authentication policy](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-about-asop). This policy has a catch-all rule that allows a user access to the app using either one or two factors, depending on your org setup. In production, it becomes evident when you can share your authentication needs between apps. You should create a policy specifically for your app for testing purposes.
```
